higher one this is men's here playing
the tier 10 American tank destroyer
tutti123 you're in lakeville
um basically this tank a lot of people
sit back in it I play a little bit more
aggressively because it is decently
mobile a lot more than t95 has good gun
depression and basically it's a very
good tank leaving or leading pushes
since the frontal armor is very good
anything you really had to worry about
in this is being flanked since it can be
frank flank pretty easily but if you
stick around your teammates a bit and
help them out most likely they will help
you out as well although you do run a
risk of being flanked which happens
occasionally but don't let it get to you
it's something that you sort of have to
deal with in this tank or any other TD
without a turret now a lot of people
would argue going the valley in this
would be a smart idea which I don't
really agree with since the valley is
sort of limit yourself if you push over
the hill people have shots on the bottom
of your hole he also expose yourself top
road already a lot more and you sort of
limit yourself if there's no one over no
one over ever that I can't right if
there's no one over there pushing really
nervous defending you really waste a lot
of time pushing against them while your
team loses the rest of the map over here
you sorta can
push across a town also you have the
option of moving back if you need to and
I thought I'd have a shot on him it
doesn't that he's leaving right in my
shot I don't think I hit him
it definitely looks like we're going to
need help in the town i'm going to take
20 line only because it's a lot harder
being flanked if you're up in 20 line
then Liz down and nine and eight lines
huh guess I didn't hit that guy will
flee that low and t32 get him
it does not look like the low did
anything at all
basically the truck today III is you do
have weak spots on your lower hole
closest to the tracks your weakest armor
however you can somewhat negate that by
wiggling and basically not letting them
get a good shot the commander shots on
top of your turret is very strong and
basically you can rely on that not being
penned of course I hit that a little
fucking outhouse I always end up hitting
that hip thing they say to e4 is a lot
squishier than III so players who play
the e4 delight the worry about armor of
the e3 if you go to it
get out III sounds I'm going to push on
the size 7
slightly higher than him so I can shoot
into his upper plate lever plate might
actually be a little bit tougher from
this angle
now there's a t95 which can penetrate or
your day I'm gonna deal with them first
anytime you really need a PCR anus I
find is if a BCG 74 e 175 or something
face of you you have a real difficult
time actually counting our first
reaction
mom people there's a freaking light tank
and beyond
they're gone fast enough
and I like the III lot over to e4 side
for now the reason is because the
freaking gun is awesome for that belt
right there like st ones but you
basically gain a lot of reload the gun
pressing as i mentioned earlier and also
i believe a little bit of accuracy doing
shots like that you really want to keep
in mind your ping I sort of low ping so
I let it let me settle for about a
little around second if you have higher
ping no you definitely want to let your
aiming circle settle a little bit more
so that when you fire you actually don't
shoot behind the tank this is the reason
I don't like the valley see they're sort
of stuck over there they couldn't really
push across the NF line but we took the
town so our team is able to move into
their cap the author already start
calving and I have the option of going
back base just to make sure that the
enemy doesn't start camping before we're
able to
they say I find a flexibility of the
town a lot more useful than limiting
yourself only to the one to two lines on
the map it's always good to have backup
plans
and III even though it does have a few
more weak spots on the lower hold on a
t95 it really is important that this
mobility that gets that you take
advantage of it since it's able to
reposition better basically help falling
flanks return to base like this so it
really becomes a lot more useful
we gotta push on me people see threes
they tend to do that they don't want to
push on you I'm up there they're gonna
be one shot either way a pretty decent
game got Top three experience and I did
2600 damage which is a little bit low
for a tier 10 TDE but it's decent enough
when we still won and I made decent
profit either way thank you for watching
my video please subscribe to my youtube
channel and check out my website wot
guru.com for weak spot guides tank
guides and basically a little bit of
everything for both new players and also
veteran players anyway thank you and
check out more videos coming soon